[gasps]
[ECHO]
That sound.
The one reverberating
through my head that day.
What was it?
[ECHO]
Waste.
Garbage.
Junk.
A sea of trash that
stretches on forever,
and I live in the middle of it.
There was a time long ago
when the world revolved
around this place.
Or at least that's what I hear
from the old timers in town.
But if that's how things were,
you'd never know
by looking at it.
There's hardly anybody left here
apart from us day laborers
digging through the junk piles.
The outside hasn't
forgotten us, though.
They just know us as the
world's biggest trash heap.
[MCGEE] Look alive,
friends, this will be
the final shipment
for the afternoon!
Keep a sharp eye out
for anything valuable!
If you fell short of
your quota last month,
today's your last
chance to make it up,
else you're eating
a hefty penalty!
Got it? Now keep digging,
and take these words to heart!
In this world, to stay alive...
Ya gotta stay working.
Don't look to the sky,
keep your eyes down.
Your mind in the present,
not in your dreams.
That way of living is
Liverchester's pride.
And also our promise.
The one we swore to the
Monument of Admonishment.
Uh‐‐ Hey, it's nice
to see you, too, Bruno!
Oh sure. It's been
a great day for me!
How could it not be?
After all, a shipment
came in from Lucia!
Linchpin of the North.
That's the good stuff.
And it's home to Bilin, one of
the best Players in the world!
Getting the chance to
find parts from Lucia.
It's like a dream come true!
See her? She's the
Crimson Belle, Bilin!
Man, look at that Equipment.
It gives me goosebumps!
[BRUNO grumbles]
[ECHO gasps]
Oh, there's no way.
I haven't thought about being
anywhere but right here.
I like it in the junk heap, the
way the parts feel in my hands.
When I look at one,
I can imagine
the things it's done and
all the places it's seen.
It's amazing when
you think about it.
Really, if I can scrape
together an okay living
digging these guys up,
I'll be happy.
[ECHO] So yeah. I guess
that's a day in the life.
[JUNK DEALER 1A]
This is it? C'mon, man!
Yes, now keep the line moving.
Let's go, people!
[JUNK DEALER 1A]
Fine.
Well, Echo Rec.
[ECHO]
It pays enough to get by.
I could even say
it's my calling.
That's why I'll be
back here tomorrow.
And next week.
And the week after.
Digging trash is my life.
Of course, there is one
other little thing I've got.
Something I have to keep secret
that gives it all meaning.
Yes!
[ECHO]
Little more.
Almost.
[gasps]
[ECHO gasps]
[ECHO]
A‐‐ A girl?
[SWELL]
Yep, it's definitely a girl.
So, I'm harboring
a kidnapper now.
[ECHO] Come on, Swell,
it's not like that!
She must have gotten
dropped in with one of
today's trash shipments
by accident.
[SWELL] Well she
certainly doesn't look like
she's from around here.
Don't think a day laborer
would wear that.
[ECHO gasps]
Whoa, easy with
the yelling there!
[ECHO]
But look, her back!
A Player?
She must be.
This looks just like the holes
I've seen in the books!
And if that's there,
it can only mean one thing!
Oh, you're awake. Feeling okay?
[ECHO groans]
No I'm not okay! This sucks!
Wait. Where's this?
[SWELL]
Oh, just a humble watering hole
on the outskirts
of fair Liverchester.
A corner booth, specifically.
Makes sense.
So, how'd I get here?
The story I got is that
he found you buried
in the scrap field
and brought you home.
Who is "he"?
That guy.
Can I ask you one more?
[SWELL]
Mm‐hm.
D'ya know who I am?
[GIRL]
I'm a Player?
[ECHO] Shh! You can't
say that so loud!
Sorry, jeez.
You've got an output
jack on your lower back.
That proves it!
You have to be a Player.
[GIRL]
Huh.
I guess you really
don't remember.
Dude, yes, I told you!
I don't even know my own name.
[ECHO chuckles]
Yeah, fair enough.
Although you don't seem
all that bothered by it.
Why should I be worried
about what I forgot?
Right? Seems like I'm not
the type to let it bug me.
Either way. I know that I'm me.
Yeah, that's true. I guess.
Yup! Though I am learning
a little about myself.
Let's see. The noise in here
doesn't bother me at all.
What else?
[GIRL] I learned that
I could eat this all day!
Glad you're enjoying it!
[JUNK DEALER 1A groans]
That was a perfect chance
for him to land a clean shot!
[DRIVER 1A]
You're missing the point.
His execution on that
sidestep was flawless.
[DRIVER 1B] Enough with
the commentary, guys.
What's that about?
[ECHO]
Huh? Ooh! I can tell you!
Dude, chill!
Right, sorry. Okay.
The big machine is
called an Equipment.
They're special weapons operated
by people called Players.
And Players, they use the
Equipment to fight the Earless.
What's an Earless?
[door opens]
Pardon the intrusion.
[ECHO]
Uh‐‐ The mayor!
Who's he?
[ECHO]
How do I put it? He's the worst.
[HENCHMAN 1A] Come on, fellas.
I know you know better!
[JUNK DEALER 1A]
What gives!
You didn't have to
take a mallet to it, man!
[JUNK DEALER 1B]
It's the only fun we get.
I'm sorry, Swell, but we
can't have you holding
Gig‐watching parties for
your malcontent buddies.
Oh no, that janky old thing
picks up signals all on its own.
It's a real issue.
Huh. Yeah, sure.
Problem?
[MCGEE]
Oh, there's certainly a problem.
We got a damn Player in town.
‐‐Say what?
‐‐Hey. Hold on!
We saw you carrying
her in here, Echo.
That girl has a jack,
plain as day.
[JUNK DEALER 1A]
A Player? A real one?
[JUNK DEALER 1B]
No, no way in hell!
Why would a Player bother coming
out to a scrapyard
in the sticks?
Where a Player goes,
calamity follows.
If you've got no business here,
then hurry up and
be on your way.
[ECHO]
Okay, now wait a minute.
Sure, she's a Player,
but right now
she can't even
remember her own name.
So it would be a little bit
unfair to just suddenly...
Echo, you numbskull!
This is the whole
reason we built
the Monument of Admonishment!
Ten years ago this town
learned firsthand
the kind of trouble that
Players bring with 'em,
and it's not gonna
happen a second time!
There's too much at stake, son.
Nothing good's gonna come from
feeling sorry for a Player.
Now, get your head on
straight and stop‐‐
But... But still!
Running her out of town
wouldn't be right!
Will you listen to reason
for one second?
Mr. Mayor. I think
you need a beer.
People come to this bar
for a chance to relax.
Take a load off and enjoy!
I wasn't done.
[SWELL]
Here. On the house.
Huh. Really? Well thanks.
Hey, Echo. I think things are
about to pick up here,
so would you two
mind taking it upstairs?
[ECHO]
Oh yeah, great idea, let's go!
Come on, we can find
something fun to do!
That guy sucks. What's his deal?
[ECHO] Sorry, the Mayor really
isn't a fan of Players.
Ugh, that was tense!
[GIRL sighs] Yeah, I'll say.
So why did you stick up for me?
Huh? Well I couldn't
let him throw you out.
I mean, after all...
I just... I have to
learn more about you!
That's cool...
[ECHO]
For real.
I've been trying to hold it in
since we first started talking.
But now we finally have
a chance to be alone.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I never knew much about this
stuff, or if I did, I forgot it.
But it kinda feels like you're
takin' things a little fast...?
[ECHO]
I have to show you this.
Look! Seriously, look at it!
Here! Isn't it awesome?
You see?
Oh man. Sorry, it's just
that I'm kind of
super obsessed with
Equipment and Players,
and now there's a real live
Player right in front of me!
Mm? Is something wrong?
Nah. It's all good.
[ECHO] There are terrifying
monsters in this world
called the Earless, who go
around attacking humans.
They're so powerful that they
can take out entire countries.
Wow, that sounds extra rough.
But for generations,
we've had the Players around
to keep them at bay.
They're the heroes
of this world.
The tales of Players are
passed down as legends.
So basically, you're like
the coolest girl ever!
Really, no joke?
Yeah, really!
I don't care if the
Mayor doesn't like it.
You're what I aspire to be.
So. I guess what
I'm saying is...
Don't worry about what he said.
Thank you.
Oh, right!
Look. This is my
Equipment over here.
I've been working on it
in my spare time.
What do you mean by
"working on it"?
Wait, an Equipment
like we saw on TV?
You can build
something that big?
[ECHO] I'm not exactly
sure what I'm doing,
but I've been grabbing
whatever parts I can find
in the scrap field trying
to make it into something
like the ones I've seen. Tada!
[ECHO]
So, uh, you like it?
I mean. It's kinda
small and, like...
And like?
Uh, lame?
Yeah, you're not wrong.
If I could get a Core Part,
I could see it what it
looks like in Gig form.
But either way, it's my
greatest treasure.
And I've always dreamed
of seeing a Player
take it into battle one day,
even if that is
totally unrealistic
like all the people
in town tell me.
This guy here gives me purpose.
Huh.
[ECHO] Uh‐‐ Sorry,
I didn't mean to ramble.
Swell is always saying
that I talk way too much
about the stuff I'm into.
I can tone it down.
No way, keep going!
I think it's cool that
you're so passionate!
Wha? Did you really say
it's cool? That's a first.
[GIRL] Oh! And once you're done
building that, I can pilot it!
‐‐[ECHO gasps]
‐‐Right? I'm a Player,
and you told me that Players
pilot Equipment. So why not?
Um, well I guess it's
technically possible.
Great, so let's do it!
Man. Listening to the Mayor's
crap got me in a bad mood,
but hearing you talk
about it made me realize
this whole
"being a Player" thing
might actually be kinda sick!
It's not like I've got
anything better to do, ya know?
Or at least not that
I can remember.
So finish building it and
get it up and running.
You and me are gonna take
out those Earless together!
It'll be just like you dreamed!
Whoa. Hold on, slow down.
There's no way
that's gonna happen.
Huh?
Sorry. I'm just
some guy. That's it.
I built this thing in my spare
time, but it's not much.
How to put it...
I guess I'm okay letting
the dream stay a dream.
Plus, there aren't any Earless
to fight around here anyway,
and I don't plan on
going anywhere else.
I'm sure that being a Player
will come with
a lot of challenges.
I'll be cheering you on.
Once this is finished,
you should definitely
take it with you!
It's prob'ly not as
good as a real one,
but I bet you can at least
do okay with it for a while
until you find
a better Equipment‐‐
Dude, come on.
I thought you said that
building this Equipment
gave you a purpose.
But now you're just gonna
let your dream stay a dream,
and never leave your hometown?
Like, are you scared of
getting what you want
out of life or what?
Well no. At least that's
not the way I think of it.
[GIRL]
Then why wouldn't we team up?
I don't wanna stick around
where I'm not wanted,
but you could come
along with me when I‐‐
Thanks, but it couldn't work.
You're a Player,
and I'm some nobody.
I would be useless as a partner.
All I would do is drag you down.
Tch. What is up with you
and your Player this
and Player that? Because I‐‐
Uh, what are you‐‐
[GIRL]
I'm leaving.
Huh? Whoa, wait, what?
Hey, what are you mad about?
I didn't mean to‐‐
Later.
You sure tore into him.
You heard all that?
[SWELL chuckles]
Old house, thin walls.
[SWELL]
Heading out?
That kid.
I guess he's always been
kind of an old soul.
That's just his way.
Living here so long has
burned it into his brain.
Seems silly, right?
Honestly. I was a little shocked
when I heard him pushing back
against the Mayor
before you went upstairs.
I don't think I've
ever heard Echo
stand up for his
opinion like that.
It's nice to know he can.
[SWELL] You saw the monument
on the edge of town, right?
There's a train station
at the bottom.
The train comes once
a day, in the morning.
You can come back if
you change your mind.
Don't worry about being
a Player, just be you.
Just me?
[SWELL]
There was another Player
who used to hang
around this area.
[SWELL]
That was his seat right there.
He loved the food here.
Thanks a lot.
Oh, and I loved it, too.
[sighs] Not sure if
there's any fixing this.
Hey, Echo. She's gone.
[GIRL humming]
So, I'm a Player.
[MCGEE]
Oh, there's certainly a problem.
We got a damn Player in town.
[ECHO] And Players.
They use the Equipment
to fight the Earless.
[JUNK DEALER 1A]
A Player? A real one?
Where a Player goes,
calamity follows.
Don't worry about being
a Player, just be you.
You're what I aspire to be.
I wish I knew who I was.
No memories.
Not even her own name.
[SWELL]
Echo!
‐‐What's up?
‐‐Earless!
[gasps]
No way.
That girl is at the station.
[gasps]
‐‐Wait!
‐‐[ECHO] What?
Take this, too. Go on!
[EARLESS growling]
[CITIZENS screaming]
[GIRL] And once you're done
building that, I can pilot it!
You and me are gonna take
out those Earless together!
[gasps] Damn it!
[EARLESS growl]
[MCGEE]
Curse you, apparitions!
Can't you see this town has
nothing more for you to take?
You try'na get killed?!
You. This is your fault!
Calamity follows you people!
Damned Players!
Oh, stop whining
and run already!
[MCGEE] You don't get it!
You're an outsider, a Player!
This monument is our‐‐
You wanna go?
[ECHO]
Hey!
[GIRL]
You moron! Look out!
[ECHO gasps]
[GIRL]
Echo!
[ECHO screams]
[ECHO]
Oh, wow. I'm gonna die.
Here in the scrapyard.
It's the only place
I ever lived,
and now it's where I'll die.
Is that so bad?
Dying surrounded
by the parts I love
is about as good as I
could've hoped for, right?
If I'd kept going,
I wouldn't have
amounted to much.
But this way,
they'll remember me.
Maybe even as, like,
a minor hero. I guess.
But I'm not ready.
There was so much
that I wanted to do.
I wanted to go places.
I wanted to see new things.
I don't care about
accomplishments
or people mocking me.
I'm not ready. Not yet!
Please. I can't die here!
Yeah, I feel ya!
That kind of attitude.
I love it!
[HENCHMAN 1A]
Are you seeing this?
It's an Equipment.
Is that the same
Player from before?
I dig this!
Hey, you guys.
You get to be here
for my first show!
Now get ready to rock!
They're coming! From everywhere!
Yo! Make some noise!
Yeah. Now I've got you
feelin' it! All right!
[ECHO]
W‐Wait. What are you‐‐
[ECHO gasps]
Hell yeah! I'll
rock you inside out!
[JUNK DEALER 1B]
Is that Echo?
He's so young!
[JUNK DEALER 1B]
Far too young!
[JUNK DEALER 1C] What are
you crying for, ya goofs?
[gasps]
Here we go!
Hot blooded. Seriously.
[GIRL]
Did we win?
[ECHO]
I think so. Um...
Mu.
[GIRL]
Hm?
That's what the symbol is.
Mu?
[ECHO]
Mm‐hm. It's yours, right?
Do you mind if I call you Mu?
[MU]
Mm. That sounds great.
[MCGEE] You kids sure know
how to raise some hell.
[ECHO]
Mayor?
There was a time
when our country was
crawling with punks like you.
Before this world
became what it is now.
Back when it had
the will to dream.
But ten years ago,
the day came when
the sound was taken
from our world.
Suddenly, everything changed.
Our country was buried
in broken dreams
so deep that even the
Earless abandoned us.
Those left behind could
only trawl the sea of trash
in hopes of pulling up
enough to live on.
Keep your mind in the present,
not in your dreams!
Such words are the
lights that guide us.
Marking a path
through the darkness,
and this Monument
of Admonishment
is our grand beacon!
You two have saved our
country's pride and joy.
For that I thank you.
[BOTH gasp]
Young friends.
Hear these words and
etch them into your hearts!
In this world, to stay alive...
So was that my fault?
Uh. Let's run.
Huh?
[ECHO]
Down there! Come on. Hurry!
[MCGEE]
So it goes.
Players are always gonna
be a bunch of miscreants.
Just starry‐eyed
young fools like you.
Aren't they, Jimi Stonefree.
[EIN]
There you are.
[JIMI] Pragmatism
creates new buildings,
but in time, they all collapse.
Everything that's made
is made to fall apart.
It's simply
the way of the world.
Not everybody has to play.
Sometimes it's enough
to lend an ear.
In that forest where
everyone seems like
some strange stone statue
that casts no shadow,
still you found one another.
Drawn together by the
collective unconscious.
But who are you, really?
"Half Man."
Simply pray and become a Player.